morning dark clouds Rising oh there's no
sunshine anywhere strong winds blowing God give us wisdom
to grasp the message in the air
oh if I could have one wish and know that it would come true I'd wish that
God would give us strength to know just what to do then we could
[Music]
maybe we could walk together again
[Music] welcome to Wednesday night lady Babylon
bible study this is gonna be a night that I am going to change your
perspective I'm gonna take you to a reality that you didn't know existed
you can never come back it's my privilege and honor to do this
but you can never come back tonight on lady Babylon
[Music]
we're gonna skip over the comments tonight because it requires so much energy on my part to do this we're going
to open up a rift and we're gonna show you a place that you didn't know exists but it's here and now I want you to see
I want you to see who these people are we're going to look into Peter's lover
tonight and we're going to see something that we haven't seen I want to purify
this space I want to call upon the dragon and I want you to absorb the
imagery [Music]
foreign [Music]
[Music]
and now we bring the new reality and we're gonna clip it in look we had
enough time for the ship to get there let's step out today we're gonna go see the boys
we're gonna go see Jesus and his boys you thought the naked kid that was with
Jesus in the public park when he was arrested at 4am screaming I'm not a
pirate you thought that kid was the only one didn't you or maybe you you remember
the other kid that was with Martha in the Tomb you remember him
tonight we're gonna look at a ship full of Lost Boys
and I'm gonna immediately Buckle in because we're immediately gonna have our orientation
flipped many of you are sitting there
thinking that the apostles were old men
no no it turns out
they were all teenagers yeah the apostles
were teenagers I'm gonna reach in and pull this right out of an organization
that is Gateway Crossroads or something of Israel promoting the
um Evangelical agendas and we're going to hear it from their mouths tell us tell us about the age of
Jesus's followers sure you personally want to look like Jesus a good place to
start is to have a bunch of 13 to 18 year olds around you following you and asking you questions all the time the
disciples were not 30 year old bearded men they were 12 to 19 years old when
Jesus wanted to change the world he chose teenagers to do it okay I want to
play that again because I want you to hear it right out of their own lips I want you to hear it the apostles are
teenagers roughly from 10 to 12 ish up to 19 ish yeah so when we talk about the
youngest the oldest we're not talking about dudes beards when you look at that painting that famous painting what's
this what was that Renaissance artist shame on you was it Da Vinci shame on you
yes you deserve it because you painted a bunch of bearded or was it Rafael I
don't remember you painted a bunch of bearded look at these bearded men who
are these men who were these men they look like some of them look like neighbors that have
had before right but the problem is those are not the the
those were not the people that were there at that table
they were children they were lost boys they were lost boys I want you to hear
it from his mouth one more time Praise Jesus hit that hit that thing
clip you personally want to look like Jesus a good place to start is to have a bunch of 13 to 18 year olds around you
following you and asking you questions all the time the disciples were not 30 year old bearded men they were 12 to 19
years old when Jesus wanted to change the world he chose teenagers to do it
yes he chose teenagers to build his church on and he called them kitties
come here kitties they're we're gonna look at a wonderful scene tonight when Jesus goes out to the
ship where Peter is naked with
a whole ship full of boys my goodness
my goodness what are these naked teens and youngers doing here with Jesus well
he's standing there on the shore scene you got any fish sauce I got a meal and they're like look
it's vampire resurrected pirate Jesus oh my God
it's a ship full of children did anybody notice that it's a ship full of children
and Peter is naked now if you think these are my ideas you're wrong and I don't want to see in
any comments these I want to see people upset with numbness not with me I want to see
people upset with the Gospel of John not with me
we're gonna go jump straight in tonight to the text and I want you oh it's just
okay okay um let's see what happens to the Lost Boys
let's see what happens pull up the first tax former Chewie I want you to before
you forget I want you to realize this is from excellent Escalade and chorus I
just want you to hear this you know those girls who are called The Virgins
of caucus you know what they are they're the best fighters around right like to
those scythians the ones that live around the lake today call azov
take it down yeah virgins I want you to remember that
go to number two let's see number two yeah we're gonna be hurrying tonight Chewie it's great
um and I want you to keep this one thing in mind too before we're going to Wonderland don't worry
don't worry we're gonna find Peter Pan and we're gonna find the lost boys but I
want you to realize the scientific Gateway that
we've got to walk through look at this text right here this is from the orphic argonaga what does this say it says
Jason overcame hip simply with a love drug with love
drugs it's actually in plural lots of them love drugs oh my God field choice
right what is a field Tron it's a love drug you mean Jason was
pulling a Bill Cosby if Bill Cosby
had kept his victims awake
but put them into a malleable state where they were aroused and psychotic
then he would be doing this he wasn't he would right he wasn't just knocking
people out right this is this is part of a ritual it's part of being Christ sorry if you
don't like it if you don't like it it's not me it's the sources
um let's go to the third one the next one up okay so here we get
um look at the field Tron I want you to notice from the bottom line we have the same word here and I'll just translate
it for you this is when Jesus is talking to Peter and he's like am I your
favorite who's your favorite what about your male prostitute Buddies
he calls them male prostitutes yep male prostitutes runaways who work with
lace days oh my god you're kidding Jesus's
apostles his followers yes
let's go back to that text what does it say p when he when Jesus is giving Peter
a hard time this is what does g what does Peter say to him he says you know my friend us you know
who I am right you know what's going on you know
what you know how I contributed to you
the sweet love concoction that we aren't supposed
to talk about yeah you gave him what Peter
how old are you and you gave him what you gave him that filtron
the one that we're talking about with Aphrodite oh my goodness
oh my God it's gonna get worse people just trust me Trust Me Now by worse I
mean it's gonna get more graphic right we're already at worst because
it's we got a ship full of kids in the Bible with Jesus in a form that can only be described as
vampiric having risen from the dead you knew it would be three days right
yeah love it love it we got him we got them uh next next give me yeah here I
just want you to see this take that um yeah here's your love charm your field Throne your oh tiny little space I
have here hello um look at this uh love charm a potion a
charm or a spell but look at number three it becomes generalized it's just kind of loving it's just kind of loving
sexuality look what kind of sexual affection I gave you Jesus the kind that
we don't talk about the unmentionable love Jesus that I gave to you
so when we're in trans-dimensional court the jury will hear
The Grooming right this is professional grooming you
didn't know Jesus was a child groomer did you well now you know why he's screaming
I'm not a laces I'm not a trafficker in children
right okay let's keep going let's go back to the text that one yep there we
go here look at this people I just this is more of that same passage but I just want to read it to you from the top so
Jesus answered he answered Peter right right back with his own oomph and said
Simon you're the child of John who has beautiful children
wait what did Jesus say you're the child of John who has beautiful boys
yeah so tell me something would you rather love me alone or all of
your Tyrone who was homozygous wait all
of us are Tyrone all of his companions all of his prostitutes
hmm these boys are prostitutes these boys are prostitutes
known us why why didn't anybody tell me this in Bible
School I wish I had known I wish I had known it makes a lot more
sense doesn't it you see them on the boat earlier and there's a storm they're
like screaming like children and Jesus is sleeping down the bottom
he's like oh you freaking people
right and he'd like a hair brings calm
he does what that mogas does he had to tell him that he was doing that right
calming the storm it's what they all do okay give me uh give me that same passage give me that same Passage
boom I wanna okay so he says you know and what is your homozygous what are
your homozygous male prostitute buddies that's somebody that you're entered into a relationship together whether working
or sexual so these are his buddies um of the other Apostles are Peter's
buddies who are in the trafficking business now you're going to see it it
becomes even more clear than than this coming up so buckle up hold on are you
ready look at the next line yeah and so he asked him a second time right he responds to he he responds to Jesus his
bossy Leos he does it again he responds to him again because he'd already told him once I love you the most man right
and what does he say here look at the line 994. it says I'm going to translate it literally it says Simon
the fisherman of male
bands male bands are geles is a band it's a band of boys
band of boys Peter I'll make you a fisherman of men
yeah fisherman of men right what is known as do with the
fishermen of men and remember notice is privy to the cult
so for him this is just it's more like history than than any sort of paraphrase or metaboli
anywho um here he is and he says one of these people what are they doing here yeah
let's go back to the text one more time one more time glorious image love it
let's go yeah and what does he say here he says he's the fisherman of those those that
band of boys and he says certainly great King right you know my heart you know my
heart you know yourself how I gave you I provided for you that sweet unspeakable
love okay keep going down let's go to another one look at this I
just want you to see it Simon is the is the hunter fisherman the
fisherman of that boy band the boy band yeah we know they didn't
Sparta too right the boy band this is what Peter is
yep why do you think they called them
students do you think bearded old men walked
around as students no they didn't
these are the people who are just above the age of the piedagogue that lower
education we'd say that primary education level
these are boys immediately pre and post-puberty
yeah let's see what the official titles are what these boys are doing give me the
next one shoe if you can fantastic I just want you to see here's the homozygous yeah we know this it's the
companions the Tyrone those are his public prostitute friends keep going
yeah oh and this is a good one yeah what would you rather do he says he's asked
Peter he says I got pods do you love all of those
Tyrone all of those prostitute boys that are sumiga well what is what does sumig
get on what assume again right where's look at this something
that is what what does that say mixed up together combing promiscuous
those promiscuous little boys yeah they're Apostles all of them
now you understand why you have to become as a child in order to enter the kingdom of heaven
and remember the kingdom of heaven also makes eunuchs
yeah before tonight my entire audience I'll just take a second
before tonight you thought it was just the naked boy that was in the garden with him when he
was arrested you didn't realize those three apostles
who were standing at a distance you didn't you didn't realize that they were children too did you
yeah you didn't you got to become like a child if you
want to follow Jesus yeah don't scandalize
whatever you do Jesus says do not scandalize me
okay we got him people it's it's all here it's you know there's there's no
way a jury can get this information and not not find him just over the top
guilty of 104 different Cosmic felonies fantastic next one please
take a look at this guys oh um so Jesus shows up there was a couple of passages
here we didn't skip anything I don't think the boom boom boom no okay so there's a couple of passages that set
this up but here's Jesus you know he's standing there next to the shore um Peter goes out fishing he's like I'm
going fishing the boys are like let's go right and they're going with you with
with Peter and they get on a ship but it says they didn't catch anything they didn't catch any fish in the next
morning Peter wakes up on the boat naked
Peter you drugged out Sex Fiend I feel sorry
for you that he did what he did to you Peter
we got to get Peter to flip and give a confession that's all there is to it
he's got a lot of people know exactly where Jesus touched him
yeah exactly what he did to him did he do what he did to that boy in the
garden yeah did he did he do that and wrap that
and use that medicine and you ended up three days later wondering what felt so
funny about your body huh interesting
Peter you got to tell us take us back to the sources let it let's hit people with a few more sources Ryan you got no
response tonight the critics got no response tonight they can't how can they stand against this
stuff um the very next one yeah and so oh here it is people here's the lawyer's point
right all you lawyers out there this is the one it's admissible and
trans-dimensional court and this is the one that has it are you ready what's he
gonna do Jesus got some some goodies for him right and he's there on the beach
and they're waking up in the morning one of them goes oh my God it's Christ
and they jump out and Peter puts his pants on right right and there they are
and Jesus says I get new you guys don't have any fish sauce it's the colloquial way of saying fish
just a fish meal you guys don't you you're out there as fishermen and you
didn't catch any fish you didn't catch any fish okay look he's got everything ready to cook up a nice meal he's got
everything this is gonna be a beach morning beach party but what does he say in that text that is so disturbing that
we're gonna get him on look at that third line pie days
first he says oh my kitties what does he call them it's gross too
right it gets gross because he uses the diminutive with Peter's like I mean you
love me so much feed my sheepies
what that's what he called his little boys he called him his sheepies it's not even
sheep and Greek it's a diminutive a little sheep
my little sheep okay are you one of Jesus's little sheep
is that what you are you want to know what those real sheep were in the beginning
they were victims of abuse and rape Jesus was a child rapist
let's see see he said now let's let's translate that one line one line what is it whoo
there it is Titus he calls them children my little children what kind of children
wait a minute that's like what that's like a professional term what with
something of the sea some kind of here Alice see if you can tell us Alice what that is look at what is it
a laborer working person working woman
but if you funnel it through it's the Runaway
the one attached to the late Stace the lace days do you see the word lace
days all of you all of you evangelicals right now who were sitting there
I was banking for you this is a spanking for you
look it's right there lay stays all of you evangelicals are saying it's a word
for thief and that naked boy wasn't naked he was dead and he was 30.
okay you know what gives me the ability to do that
classical philology
the language the boys
are co-workers they have a shared monetary interest
they are gaming from their association with Jesus
and you wonder why when he's arrested with a naked kid again
why it is that everybody's saying what Jesus what you're not a Who
you're not a lace this okay okay and then a mob forms
right angry mob angry mob and Jesus's worst nightmare
comes true his cover is blown Jesus
is Larry Nasser as soon as somebody comes forward and
says something that's it that's it
you live by silence there are those of you who have ears to
hear because Jesus has groomed you and has initiated you
yeah you wondered what he needed Mary with all her sex drugs did you think that Jesus was in any
business other than child sex trade you have another thing coming
love it let's go to the next text okay look I've got just a couple look these are these are nice little punctuation
marks boom look at this this is John 21 16 Lego I'll do it yeah he says to him
again a second time Simon son of John do you love me and he says back to him yeah Lord you know that I love you and he
says back to him then Shepherd my property oh God it's so gross when you hear it
off his lips he named little sheepies yeah Gusto give me the next one look look
what he calls this is the Bible by the way for those if that's the Bible
right here's more of the Bible what does he call him in John paidea look at that
second line paidea you know what that is that's the plural
of the diminutive again my little a diminutive for child
my little boys my little child come here my children
come here yeah let them come unto me and they start
yelling hey we don't like the way he's touching them and by touch they meant molest
we don't like the way he's aggressively molesting the children don't scandalize me says Jesus don't
scandalize me and you build churches and Crosses to this guy
you read books that are written by morons who praise this guy
yeah you study science that these morons contradict then you still give them room
you still give them room while they destroy your civilization do you wonder why the Watchers think we're a bunch of
morons do you wonder
those are the Lost Boys your reality now is that the apostles were a bunch of
abused children in your world is made up of people who
prop that garbage up who just bring you that
with the oh and you just
you pay them all your bucks all your bucks go to these people and you are
supporting an organization that was started by a child trafficker
now you want to save the children you morons
you fools you want to save the children
the guy that you snuggle with he was snuggling children
yeah isn't that ironic what a Twist what a Twist an Evangelical world what a
twist your God is the one who is the rapist of children the thing that you
run around saying yeah we're gonna save the children we're
gonna rip down this society and save the children just like we did in the first century
and we just watch it happen right it's all they're supposed to do is
the Watchers anyway I want to read to you a little bit of Celsius just just for the sake of the Celsius please I
just won't quote Sal says can you come here and some people call them calluses that's fine I've heard medieval people
who do medieval Latin um I've heard them say calluses but you know Celsius there was a physician named
Celsius too good Roman physician wrote a lot about drugs
let's see what Celsius says the honor the Christians pay to Jesus is
no different from the sort paid to Hadrian's favorite boy and 10 of us
the honor they paid Jesus is the same as the cult
of antinos do you know who antennas was he was Hadrian's naked boy
Hadrian wasn't arrested in a public park at 4 am like Jesus was
but he had his boys like Jesus did and you know he had one that he had a
certain special affinity for and you know um
this is the way it was the way it was yeah yeah
um this is how the Christians worship says Celsius they're worshiping in the same rights as the boy loving rights of
antinous didn't she like your wife Adrian shut up
I'm sorry I didn't realize that was a sensitive issue we don't have it
recorded anywhere hadron that you ever expressed an interest in women
but we know that you an antennas
oh and he was handsome he was handsome handsome kid right
we know that you an antinous had this thing going
poor antennas he turned 20 and got murdered can you believe that
talk about jealousy
can't run foul can't run a foul ganymedes gotta be somewhere Zeus has
got his Ganymede Heracles Has His Highness Jesus has his Peter
yeah do you know what Jesus told Peter to do he said if you love me
and you're giving me your your sauce of your your magic sauce of drugs Glory
you give me the love that I want you
to feed my little sheepkins I want you to nourish them my little
sheep can yeah do you see what Christianity is
it is a ring of a pedophile who not only is able to
have his cake and to eat it but he
trains the next generation of cake yeah
a next next thing you know your 2023 we got a bakery full of cake this Cosmos is
a bakery full of cake now that's how it spreads are you telling me Dr almond are you
telling me that Jesus Christ was a spreader of a cult
whose purpose was to rape children perpetually
let's look at the facts let's look at the outcome let's look at the outcome
yeah what do we know about the outcome
it's tight let's go to one more Source I want to go to this source and then I'm gonna I think I'm gonna uh call in
um Gnostic informant who's gonna give you a little bit of information
about some naughty monks with their boys
um let's go to this text though yeah yeah look do you love me uh like a sun emporos right what is this kid what is
this kid to Jesus what's the young kid this is talking about the young one what is the young one that Jesus has a
relationship with undoubtedly right the one he says he loved and if he
uses the same Expressions that the author or secret secret Mark is using means he stayed with him for the night
remember the little kid that's leaning on Jesus she didn't realize it last supper do you have that last supper
bring that thing Da Vinci get it get your ball dumb head in here
and give us that where's the one that's leaning do we have any laners now is it on the I can't sell I was hoping to find
the leaner we don't see the kid there where he's not there Da Vinci you're excused okay but you're gonna have to
supply like a 10 to 12 year old kid and have him leaning against Jesus while
they're having their banquet right and the two other kitties who who were
children of uh Martha yeah no Salome they were children asylum
mate um they said hey um you gotta talk us into being able to
sit next to Jesus Mommy you wonder why the parents complained
you wondered Ryan some of them do and some of them don't right some of them like The Grooming
it's all part of the pizzazz right gonna be in the Kingdom of Heaven
this is lovely what a lovely freak show this is let's go let's go
um to that last yep okay here and yeah you're as soon emporos what is the kid
to Jesus he's this are you ready you're gonna don't be shocked don't be shocked
he's a fellow traveler or companion no he's not that look at number two look at
number two a partner with him for gain right this is his traveling boy
do you know what you can do what is the street value
of a boy like the one that Jesus is prostituting what's the street value of
that you know he does give him a home
right he's like hey kid stay with Mom ah I'm so thirsty
all right that's what the text says Okay um and by the way and Johnny does end up
drinking it so um you know he's he's whacked let's go to one more please oh yeah let's just go
is there any of this that's good oh lucky people are love this I know thanks for waiting Neil wait just five more
minutes I'll finish up let's see go bring me that one yeah here this is John 21 4. and so
early in the morning I just wanted you to see early in the morning this is in the boat Ryan Jesus standing there on
the shoreline right and so are these little students right these little students they don't recognize them
because they're on the boat they don't recognize me stand on the shore give me the next one Chewie yep and what happens
Jesus says them hey kiddos by the uh ride you got nothing to eat right and
they answer them no we're hungry why and here he comes what's gonna happen then
um well look at this Simon on this second line Simon Peter therefore when
he heard that he was Jesus he wrapped himself in some clothing um because he was naked
right on a boat offshore
with a bunch of boys okay and now I want you to see how
historically difficult this has been to translate because people don't want to
talk about what he's doing with naked boys right or what he's doing naked with
the boys so when Simon Peter heard that it was the Lord he put his outer garment on parentheses
the parentheses do not exist in that text for he was stripped for work oh I
see uh yeah I get naked when I fish too right I and when I fall asleep after
I've been fishing and haven't caught anything I naturally just fall asleep naked because that's what I've been
doing all night naked fishing I'm gonna go fish take it down I'm gonna go fish
naked with Jesus
do you see how he was groomed do you see how Peter's groomed I don't
know how whether I should feel bad for him or whether I should say hey dude you're propping up some bad stuff
right you need to go to the authorities well you know they did they got him and Peter ran away didn't you wonder
everybody ran dude everybody ran I am not a lace this I am not a child
trafficker right over and over again that lay stays is a child trafficker
fantastic and I know that there are evangelicals among Europe I wanted to be
so much the robber it's not it's not and sorry these are all children
yeah these are all children go back to the yep go for it
and here's another translation he wrapped his outer garment around him before he had taken it off
okay so let me get this he was sleeping he wasn't naked because he fishes naked
he was sleeping and when he woke up when he woke up um he took his pants off real quick and
put him back on yeah that makes sense maybe his underwear
he took his underwear off and they put him back up he took his linen his loin cloth off and he was like right and then
he put it back on when Jesus got there why is this kid dressing why is a
teenager dressing and all the church people right now I can feel I can I can
feel the constriction of their rectums right I can feel it
um they're gonna say oh Peter had a wife at that young age no I didn't there's no
record of his wife anywhere there is only the statement that Jesus treated
one of his in-laws it could have been his sister-in-law and which makes sense because there was
no she never shows up anywhere else right she doesn't mind that Peter is
spending the night on the boat with a bunch of kids ending up naked yeah remember when Jesus Shores up on
the shore he is totally rocking a Resurrected
vampire body that's gorgeous oh I can't wait to show you his track
marks we're gonna look at those next week you mean Jesus had track marks yeah
yeah you what did you think they were yeah it's okay they're kids too let's go
to the last the very last one and just see yeah oops yeah here's a little bit look
um yeah oh God he's now okay here's the here's the confession are you ready
um you know Jesus did a lot of other things in front of his boy companions
yeah um but um he and he revealed a lot of many
varied signs and and he was a he was a witness to the
truth this guy John right the one who's writing this thing and he wrote this
prophetic book and what did he do he dictated everything
and he did so the things that he didn't talk about did so in willing silence in prudent
silence he didn't reveal everything oh okay
okay now you can see it let's bring in um let's bring in Neil Neil you've been
sitting there for way too long floor thank you for the time and I'm gonna give Neil I want you to just give
me firsthand I want you to tell me any reactions and then I want you to give a
little presentation on some dirty monks yeah so first of all uh over 100 people 108 people watching
right now so that's that's big numbers right there but I wanted to say for everyone that's watching if you think
what he just got into was dark and deep and dirty it's just getting started it's
about to get even crazier right now so first thing I want to show I have a like seven screens that I want to go
through something will be really quick a couple of them I'm gonna read but I just want to go through these for a particular reason I got the one on the
bottom right now because you mentioned the disciple that you mentioned the young boy in the who's on Jesus's
shoulder and this is from the Gospel of John where it talks about this disciple whom Jesus loved or in some cases the
Beloved of Jesus depending on what you're looking what passage you're looking at and he's always depicted and
it's described in the text as a young boy hanging on Jesus half asleep like like a
couple like like like like his little beloved well that's what that beloved is by the way that's what's what I'm about to get into so the Greek I'm gonna go to
my next screen now the Greek that they use is a term called
agap agapitos right beloved now you're as a you you
just shook your head like yup yup here we go because you know that this term is used all over the ancient Greek world
for young boys who are being groomed by older males the Beloved it's all over the
place the Beloved of archalayas the Beloved of so and so and they use it in this in the same context in the new in
the in the New Testament the Beloved of Jesus so let's go to I don't want to I don't care what Bible
has to say about this work it's all it's all just what you know their spin let's go to uh Alice let's see what Alice says
about this word uh we got agapatos right okay one says that wherewith one must be
content hence of only children right it's always used in the context of beloved children and it's like of things
desirable persons beloved and one of the sources that's in here is aristophany
stasmaphoria and I didn't even I just found this at the last second it's the
craziest text I just want to show it real quick and I want to get into some of this semen Eucharist stuff that I got
um but yeah so the next one I got is from Aristophanes and it's it's used in the same context
as beloved child and what's going on here is this priest
is I don't know if you could help me out here to help me describe What's Happening Here I think this priest is
about to sacrifice this child and the the mother is calling and so that's my beloved child and uh like let's just
read it where it says he says but you my child take off this [__] robe and blame no one but your mother
for your death what does this mean the little girl is nothing but a skin filled with wine and a shod with Persian
slippers and it says and then so if you keep going it says
um are you the are you the mother of this brat she's like I carried it for 10 months you carried it I swear by Artemis
how much does it hold the three katsilai tell me oh what have you done you shall have
stripped this poor child quite naked and it is so small so small yes quite
small to be sure how old is it has it seen the Feast of Cups Thrice or four times it was born about the time of the
last dionysia but which is like a year old two years old what does that mean and it says no May Apollo be a bear my
witness well then we are going to burn you burn me but then I shall rip open this instantly no I adjure you don't
don't do anything like that rather me rather meet that rather me than that
what a tender mother you are but nevertheless I shall rip it open he tears open the wine skin then she starts
crying oh my beloved daughter Mania hand me the sacred cup that I may at least catch the blood of my child
holds it below that's the only favor I grant you he pours the wine into the cup
oh out upon you pitylist what is even going on here
yeah it's a bunch of women getting intoxicated for the thesmaphoria right
so um that's kind of the comedy relief of
it is that you know they're describing the wine skin as the Beloved child right
yeah so yeah and but go ahead I thought it was interesting because it's always
depicting this beloved of Jesus holding the cup he's always got the cup in his hand and
this is the Eucharist and so like I'm gonna show us another source right now
from Augustine regarding the Eucharist in Carthage this is a primary source
from it's a Latin Source but I have the translation of it it's called on heresies by Augustine and he's uh
talking about this this case that happened down in Carthage this is this
one I gotta read it says for this reason based upon the so-called seduction of the archons myth or rather because some
demand of their sacralated superstitions their elect are forced to consume a sort
of Eucharist sprinkle with human seed in order that a Divine substance may be
freed even from that just Ed is from other foods which they receive however
they deny that because they do this and assert as true that some others do it
using the name of the manichaeans okay but they are exposed at the church
of Carthage as you know we we're already a deacon there at the
time under the prosecution of ursus the Tribune who was then prefect in the palace some were brought to trial at
this time a girl by the name of Margarita betrayed this Monster's ugliness and claimed that she was not
yet 12 years old and that she had been violated on account of this wicked right
so we have in one case in one situation here we have these these Bishops in
Carthage drinking semen and molesting young women young 12 year old girls
this is in one passage like whoa like this is getting deep right here and then
and then it goes on to say uh that she had undergone some treatment because of the very same right first she
maintained that she was intact and insisted on being examined as a midwife by a midwife uh but when she was
examined when her true condition was discovered she likewise gave information on the
that whole extremely ugly crime so she was raped and look at this at which
flower is sprinkled between a couple in sexual intercourse to receive a
commingle with their seed this she had not heard when Margarita gave her testimony
like whoa this is some crazy and look at look at this when you go down here
then he starts talking about some of the stuff that there that they were into um he says nevertheless they're inserted
the other groups to uh mannequins books of Manny that's not what I'm looking for oh here it is and then these books are
described monstrous things this is from the mouth of uh Augustine relating to the transformation of males
into females and females into males to attract and loosen through consequences
uh the Prince of Darkness of both sexes so that the Divine substance which held
captive in them may be set free and Escape whoa
both is going on over there in Carthage damn yeah yeah look people it's the
Mysteries right right in front of your face being brought to you those
Mysteries and yeah and sure enough right right at the helm of it is pedophilia yeah yeah epiphanius is saying they're
they're drinking semen for a reason you know what I mean so and by the way now what do you think Neil what do you think
you see the pedophilia right and we you know you look at Jesus and his situation
um how much of Christianity is the perpetuation of pedophilia you know
well that's what I wanted to say because to bring it back to Jesus now the depiction of Jesus and his beloved
boy hanging out on on his shoulder I think I think you can argue that this was
the beginning of a tradition of the master and beloved master and beloved
and by the way when you look at these early church fathers you'll see
um marcion was the Beloved of Paul and then polycarp was the Beloved of marcion
and there's like a chain going down like you grow up as a young boy being someone's beloved you get groomed by
them and then once you get older and you learn now you are in charge you get a
beloved and that's that's that cycle goes on and not that's the church that's the tradition it's like a it's kind of
like a grooming tradition in that sense and I think it starts with Jesus and his beloved I think that's the whole point
of John is telling you that this this is what you're supposed to do you're supposed to go and get a little child
put them onto your wing and raise them to be the next the next Christian basically the next the next uh Bishop
the next episcopos that's dark yeah yeah you know Heracles
and His Highness right and welcome back to the ancient Greek stuff like this was all happening left and right you know it
does it doesn't surprise me at all to see the structure um the of the organized approach to
grooming and raping children that doesn't surprise me at all
um what surprises me is that the church has for so long been able to
misrepresent the classical sources to give you this phony picture that it
never existed the the image that you have of Jesus think of you know come on you all thought Jesus
I'm talking to the audience you all thought Jesus I was walking around with bearded men right you thought he was you
didn't know that he was with children right you might have thought differently in your church if they had presented him
that way to you you might have thought differently would you think differently Neil you were a Christian did you did
you ever consider I mean when you were a Christian Neil did were you thinking
these are grown men yes I did and you just assume that because every
it's just kind of what it's assumed but once you real once you actually get into the to the evidence and realize that
this these are these are kids following a 30 year old man what that's not that's we we all as a
society right now in 2023 we all agree that's not cool that's actually illegal I think to to do that like and like but
that's that's the that's their perfect God figure that they're gonna worship and whoa like that changes some things
for me right there I also have more evidence I have two more I want to show more evidence that this stuff is
continuing even as the into the third and fourth Century so this is from Saint Anthony the next one I want to show
and it said that a Herman had a little boy living with him look boom right off the bat is there we already have a
Hermit with a boy living with him seeing him doing something that was not fitting don't do that but the child did
not obey him seeing that he was disobedient to Herman so basically I'm just I'm basically just showing you like
okay even in this case of these desert fathers it's a older man living with a boy doesn't say it's his son just says
it's a Hermit living with a boy now the next one is where [__] gets crazy I wanted to try that first for a reason
the next one this is the one that I really want to touch on get your
thoughts on because this is the one I saved for last because it says a lot about the church early on
uh can you I just wonder about can you see this one or no I'll I'll read it if you can't read it
it says a brother tempted by a demon went to a Hermit and said these two
monks over there who live together sinfully but the hermit knew that a demon was deceiving him so he called the
brothers to him in the evening and he put out a mat for them and covered them with a single blanket these are sons of
God and holy persons basically saying how dare you blame these blame them for
doing you know whatever you're blaming them of they're these are these are sons of gods and holy persons shut this
slandering up so they blame it on Satan right and then it says a brother said to a Hermit what am I to do for these foul
thoughts are killing me when a mother wants to wean her baby she smears something bitter on her breast
but when the infant comes as usual to suckle he tastes the bitterness and is repelled so you ought to put bitterness
into your thought the brother said to him what is bit what bitterness is this the hermit said to him the thought of
death and torment which is prepared in the next World for Sinners this is where it gets crazy
a brother asked a Hermit about thoughts of this kind this is homosexual thoughts and he says the hermit said I have never
been tempted by that the brother was the brother was scandalized by him and went to the second herb and said look here
the hermit said this to me and I'm shocked because it is unnatural he said to him the meaning of the words of that
man of God isn't on the surface go and apologize to him and you will show and
we'll show you the power in his words so the brother went to the Herman and apologized to him he said forgive Me Abba Father I was a fool and I did not
did not say goodbye to you when I left I beg you explain to me how it is that you are not troubled by
lust he's like how do you do it I'm these thoughts are killing me saying and he
says uh he said therefore the reason is this since uh since ever I became a monk I
have never taken my fill of bread or water or sleep and he's basically saying uh
I can't see the bottom part because of my screen but it says like when when I put myself into a state of fasting and
discomfort the Pricks of lust are gone so the reason why I think this is interesting is they are fighting
they are fighting natural thoughts of homosexuality like they're calling it demons they're going oh my God these
thoughts are killing me oh make sure you fast and don't sleep good and just live like a just just make sure you torture
yourself that way you won't have lust like what is going on with these people
why like what what is there's nothing alluring about this lifestyle at all to me
it sounds horrible it sounds like hell sounds like you're making yourself live
in hell you know isn't that am I am I crazy for thinking that no no I'm sorry
oh did you just get muted
I can't hear you right now maybe it's just me
there we go oh no I can't hear you again is it is it
on my end maybe it's on my end let's see what the chat says can you guys see him hear him
check check
yep you got me yeah you're back now you're back go ahead okay fantastic it's probably on my end thanks to you
fantastic um no I'm sorry it's just so funny to listen to the night
you're muted again it came off
Jehovah does not want you to talk right now
I'll talk okay so the one on on one hand the pedophilia thing that's just
disgusting the fact that you had these Hermits living out in the desert desert in the wilderness with just one boy
that's crazy that's weird now on the other hand two Hermits living together and having
those thoughts completely natural and they're fighting it to the death like
it's a demon that's trying to capture them and they're it's so it's like
there's just so many things that so that's only moving Parts here because obviously on the one hand pedophilia is
just crazy horrible and disgusting but it's happening we have tons of evidence that it's happening and on the other
hand maybe if you just went with your who you are and not try
to fight it maybe you wouldn't be that doing pedophilia like just just throwing ideas out there
but I just think it was interesting at the end he's saying these thoughts are killing me
what do I do how do I stop these thoughts and I'm just like that and like
instead of saying well pray to God or Jesus will cure you and he's basically telling him like to treat yourself like
[__] and don't eat any food and don't sleep and then once once you're feeling
really bad you won't have lust that's crazy that's insane okay okay can you
hear me nails yeah okay so when you let me ask you this now when you since you
have that in mind when you look at Jesus's
advice to his young children pupils what
when he says look Tommy if you look at a woman and thank
dirty thoughts about her you might as well have raped her right
there right you can't notice that there's an orientation in the teaching
that is a very sexual orientation yeah so I think this grooming thing is part
of some you know this is cultural Traditions don't you think not only that
the abolition of the law because of that so when when like when Jesus throws that
out there and says you're you're screwed you'll never follow the laws of Moses
you are done in fact even if you think about it you've already committed it
so therefore the sins are actually it's in the hearts it's what you're it's
what's your intentions are it's not about the flesh it's about the heart let's not get circumcised In the Flesh
let's get circumcised in the heart but that philosophy packed inside of it
almost as an abolition of the law in the physical sense meaning you can go and do
those things as long as you're not consumed by it and it doesn't control you it's all Paul talks about this Paul
says you know you might go to a Pagan's house for dinner and they might sacrifice a meat sacrifice it to idols
and don't ask don't tell cares they're basically setting themselves up for a
tradition in which these things are allowed in a weird sense because they
had this new mentality of it's all about the spiritual it's not about the
physical it's not about the flesh who cares what you put inside your body it's all about what you comes out of your
body duh and they're setting themselves up so they can do they can allow
themselves to do these type of things thanks that yeah I totally yeah that's a
beautiful painted picture of the history now with Jesus being in the middle of
all this do you how do we bring it stop how do we bring it to the point
um that people see these images so for two you know for 1400 years we've had
images maybe 1600. we've had images of the Apostles what if someone were to
construct an accurate image of Jesus with his children talking about the
stuff that he's talking about being on that boat naked kids running around
getting arrested in a cemetery with again naked kids with other you know even if Peter's only 19. uh you know it
still doesn't excuse you know if oh well he's 19. well okay but he's passing it
on to the next Generation to James and John they're the sons of that lightning
that drug that we're using they're the youngest ones too so they might be like 12.
yeah so can you what would happen Neil if you drew this picture for people like
if you used your AI and brought up pictures of it accurate historically
accurate or at least accurate to the texts of pictures of Jesus with the boys
what would happen you get you get your 30 year old Jesus
31 year old John the Baptist and then a bunch of teenagers
and now all of a sudden and they're all getting bathed they're all bathing in the in the in the Jordan
and putting oil on each other and anointing each other like wait what's going on now all of a sudden the picture
doesn't look like it did before these aren't a bunch of bearded old men that are trying to save that you know
get saved and no this is a two grown 30
year olds that are bathing people in the and bathing teenagers it's a little
different now right yeah it's very you know it reminds me of all
that hullabaloo with the Boy Scouts and before that all the hullabaloo with the
priests and stuff like that yeah it's how are we getting you can see the judges in Rome they would just be
shaking their heads like no no this is you know same thing we you clear this
stuff out because the Romans arrest people people are shocked that origin Cuts is on testicles off right he
doesn't want to be taken up in the legal sweep of the Christians who were taking
children and raping them they're taking orphans off the street and raping them
in the under crops of the places where they're hanging out
oh my God and what do you do about that well the Romans just arrested them right
that's just origin cuts his testicles it makes you wonder if the system was
designed to continue that what because every day and almost every day in the
news in some City somewhere there's another Catholic priest doing the same thing again and again and again and it's
been ha you can pull up any year 1983 pick a random one 1972 1941 you're gonna
find a whole list of priests that got in trouble that year do you have a calendar insane that's
insane we should have a calendar a sacred calendar of on every um week
we'll have a leader we'll dig up whatever priest it was in whatever Century that did whatever raping they
did then and we'll just make a whole calendar you could paper the whole you could have every day a different you
know we won't call them saints we'll call them nonce and we'll say that they're you know raping the children oh
my God Neil is it set up for this the mystery is itself
an engineered child rape Fest oh my God
and Jesus is doing it from the very beginning Neil tell me this what are the
what are the people who were following the um following the vampires that are drinking
the Kitty's blood you know and wearing faces and stuff like that what what do
those people think when they when they reach the point that it turns out Jesus well he was right in the middle of this
he was his last name could have been Epstein you know what I mean what
um what are people gonna do what is this how does this affect Jesus and how do we take this message to the poor
evangelicals who don't realize that their lord and savior was a pedophile
well that's why I wanted to start off by showing that word the uh agapeas
this word is being used and by John the Gospel of John for Jesus is
favorite disciple who's a young boy and like you think this has nothing
there's no impact on the Traditions that follow from this text
like you really think it has nothing to do with it and this is all separate I don't know about that I think you're I
think that's a stretch for you to say that because I I'm I what else should we do like what else is happening here you
mentioned about you go even deeper with yours where you talk about how on the night before he's handed over you got
the boy with the sin down running by and I remember the first time you showed me that I said how do I never notice this what a random
thing to put in there like even if Mark is not really history all right because you
know people will say it's just mythology they're it's a legend even if it's not the fact that this story gets attributed
to Jesus says a lot about what's going on with the tradition itself
so Jesus being the beginning of this whole thing and this thing's being
attributed to him and then now look what's happening as a as a as a cause
and effect down the road and it's you got to wonder is it because of what's how it started off I think
yeah I want to I want to I'm going to make
that the last word and I'm gonna say to people I want people to notice that all
Neil did was bring up the sources right that's all he did he just gave you the
sources the shocking value of it all was just from what they were reporting what
those sources are reporting yeah this is our key this is our key and if you wanna
if you want to get some more background context on how common this type of thinking was there's there's these
prayer lights text erotic epigrams and that you could flip through them and
it's just there's tons and tons and tons of grooming and pedophilia going down in
the Greek world so Christianity is a part of that world it's coming out of that world it's the me it's the middle
man between that world and the in the the new world the you know the Middle Ages like you know the world that we're
in now basically so yeah there's clearly some of that stuff going on
gorgeous Neil thanks for coming tonight I really appreciate your time and I want
to tell everybody um you know I appreciate the fact that people have been people have been
getting in touch with me and you know there are projects going on that people
want to take this material and they want to use it and show people things that's
the whole idea of the museum you have two people here tonight just talking sources and these sources belong to all
of us so Neil thank you for coming tonight um everybody uh thank you for coming
tonight and donating yeah 115 people watching Yeah well yeah no I and I
appreciate it I appreciate every one of them that's big every one of them and please send your complaints
please don't let me down don't let me down send your complaints defend Jesus's
pedophilia please do it um hey Neil thanks for coming and hail Satan hail
Satan
[Music]
this is [Music] [Applause]
only maybe we could walk together again
just maybe we could walk together again
[Music]